When releasing a new version of DPSF, be sure to follow these steps:

0a - If the DPSPDefaultEffect.fx file was modified, you will need to re-add the .bin files as resources so that the changes take effect. Make sure to do the build in release mode so the generated .bin files are nice and small, then go into DPSFResources.resx in the DPSF Project, remove the effect resources, and then re-add them from "DPSF/DPSF Effects/Raw Effect Code". Be sure to do a thorough test on both the PC and Xbox for all particle types to make sure everything is good.

0b - If any files were added, removed, renamed, or moved in the DPSF project, you must reflect these changes in the Mono for Android Copy of DPSF project as well.

Steps 1 - 15 are now handled by the BuildNewDpsfRelease.ps1 script.

16 - Update the "DPSF API Documentation" to use the .dll's new .xml files generated (using Sandcastle Help File Builder program). You will need to update the HelpFileVersion to match the new DPSF version number.

17 - Update the Help document (including the change log), generating a new "DPSF Help.chm" and copy it into the "Installer Files" folder. Generating the Help document has it's own process document that should be followed (DPSF Help Update Process.txt).

18 - Open the "DPSF Installer Settings.iit" and Build a new "DPSF Installer.exe", making sure to include any new links that should appear in the Start Menu DPSF folder, such as links to new tutorials, demos, etc. and update the DPSF EULA if it was updated in the help documentation.

19 - Install DPSF from the new installer and make sure the DPSF Demo works properly. Then uninstall it and make sure everything is removed properly.

20 - Create a copy of the installer and move it into the "Archived Installers" section, renaming it with it's version number, and then zip it up to be uploaded to the web.

21 - In the DPSF.sln and "DPSF WinRT.sln", change the DPSF Demo projects back to referencing the DPSF projects, rather than the DLL files in the C:\DPSF folder, and change back to using the Debug Mixed configuration.

22 - Check files into Git, adding the current dll version (e.g. v1.0.1.1) and Change Log to the SVN commit comments.

23 - Upload the new version to the web, along with the new HTML help files, and update the RSS feed to show a new version. The web has it's own "Release Process.txt" file to follow.
